[FIZZ-146] Documentation Improvements (#143)
Ed-Fi-Exchange-OSS/LMS-Toolkit: src/canvas-extractor/README.md

# Canvas Extractor

This tool retrieves and writes out to CSV students, active sections,
assignments, and submissions by querying the Canvas API. For more information on
the this tool and its output files, please see the main repository
[readme](https://github.com/Ed-Fi-Exchange-OSS/LMS-Toolkit).

## Getting Started

> 1. Ensure you have [Python 3.8+ and
>    Poetry](https://github.com/Ed-Fi-Exchange-OSS/LMS-Toolkit#getting-started)

Author: ```suggestion
1. Download the latest code from [the project homepage](https://github.com/Ed-Fi-Exchange-OSS/LMS-Toolkit) by clicking on the green "CODE" button and choosing an appropriate option. If choosing the Zip option, extract the file contents using your favorite zip tool.
1. Open a command prompt* and change to this file's directory (* e.g. cmd.exe, PowerShell, bash).
1. Ensure you have [Python 3.8+ and Poetry](https://github.com/Ed-Fi-Exchange-OSS/LMS-Toolkit#getting-started).
```

> 1. At a command prompt, install all required dependencies:

Reviewer: I think it could be valuable for non-technical users to specify the directory where they should be placed before executing the commands.

Author: Thinking about it. Honestly, I can't imagine that many non-technical users would even try this. However, this ticket _is_ supposed to be for non-technical users.

Author: done

| Description | Required | Command Line Argument | Environment Variable |
| ----------- | -------- | --------------------- | -------------------- |
| Base Canvas URL | yes | `-b` or `--base-url` | CANVAS_BASE_URL |
| Canvas API access token | yes | `-a` or `--access-token` | CANVAS_ACCESS_TOKEN |
| Output Directory | no (default: [working directory]/data) | `-o` or `--output-directory` | OUTPUT_DIRECTORY |
| Start date*, yyyy-mm-dd format | yes | `-s` or `--start_date` | START_DATE |
| End date*, yyyy-mm-dd format | yes | `-e` or `--end_date` | END_DATE |
| Log level** | no (default: INFO) | `-l` or `--log-level` | LOG_LEVEL |

\* _Start Date_ and _End Date_ are used in pulling course and system activity
data and would typically span a semester or equivalent school calendar timespan.

\** Valid values for the optional _log level_:

* DEBUG
* INFO(default)
* WARNING
* ERROR
* CRITICAL

### Output

> CSV files in the data(or the specified output) directory with the LMS UDM format.

Reviewer: Adding a link to the UDM page in Tech Docs from here could be a good idea.

Author: ```suggestion
CSV files in the data(or the specified output) directory with the [LMS Unifying Data Model](https://techdocs.ed-fi.org/display/EDFITOOLS/LMS+Unifying+Data+Model) format.
```

> CSV files in the data(or the specified output) directory with the LMS UDM format.

Author: ```suggestion
CSV files in the data(or the specified output) directory with the [LMS Unifying Data Model](https://techdocs.ed-fi.org/display/EDFITOOLS/LMS+Unifying+Data+Model) format.
```
